oh ew what what did you do with this
laptop B look at this thing that's
attached to our Acer Nitro 5 we're going
to unbox it here today it is a budge is
gaming laptop are you allowed to say
budget I'm actually asking what what
what do we call it budge is is fine
budge is the Nitro 5 when it first came
out was an absolutely incredible laptop
and Acer haven't really improved it a
whole lot since then all right your
laptop you can go to the side for a
second here we have got a question about
your new device ask us don't go to Best
Buy go straight to Acer anything else oh
what's
this oh just oh we got stickers these
are really cringe have you seen these
stickers good look gamer I never stop
wasda anyway we also have our power
brick
here it looks exactly like it did 5
years ago that's right here is 135 wats
coming from a little purple Barrel Jack
look at that and the final thing in here
we have a little is it a lyard if it's
this big a little
keychain thing do you want it Belle yeah
yeah do you think I can rug pull this
yes we're
confident there oh this actually looks
good the last time that I looked at the
Acer Nitro 5 it was uh not this good
looking like not even close is this some
new Nitro branding it's actually really
neat how this is like holographic I love
holographic
things wouldn't it be a shame if the
included stickers there we
go sick all right but having a
legitimate look here we have headphone
microphone combo Jack
usb3 type A around the other side we
have have our Barrel Jack in gigabit
Ethernet HDMI 2.1 two more USB type A's
and Thunderbolt 4 so this is actually
really quite good iio although one thing
that I do see that's missing that I
would kind of expect on a gaming laptop
is a display port out that is attached
to a MX now this right here is the kind
of price point where you don't really
expect something like that but it can
give you like 10 is% more FPS if you're
playing on an external Monitor and there
are some laptops the the Lenovo Legion
icon something like that has it we
looked it up and it is the Lenovo Legion
L loq something like that that does have
Nvidia Optimus at around this price
point the back cover was greatly
improved since the last time I looked at
this what's it like on the
inside not bad not bad at all ooh the
track pad's gotten a lot larger and we
have another numpad there are so many
people that just cannot live without a
numpad and this right here it's one of
those laptops that you can have okay A
little bit of a squish
test really good around the trackpad
even in the center here if you're like
full sending it you can get a little bit
of Squish but nothing concerning I've
seen stiffer keyboards before but this
is like pretty acceptable up here she's
a bit squishy but like whatever you're
not touching that it's promising very
promising I don't think it's new this
year but the last Nitro 5 that I looked
at had these really awful bezels that
went like up and then across and up
again it was strange and would look very
bad fortunately this does not they have
really improved the screen to body ratio
here but they haven't done anything
stupid and make it so that like your
hands fall off the back here like some
alien wear ones have one problem that I
potentially see with the heat sink being
here is that if it's trying to shoot the
air out this way it might get different
performance performance depending on
where your screen is I've seen this on a
couple laptops before where if you have
it like out like this then the air is
able to just travel out and around and
it's fine but then if you have it more
at like a 90° angle you can lose
performance as it's just hitting the
screen and pushing back and creating a
bunch of bad stuff nexo thanks to nexo
for sponsoring today's video if you're
working from home and are in need of a
new webcam nexigo has a wide variety to
choose from to keep you looking sharp on
conference calls whether you're on a
budget and need high quality video or
just want the best possible webcam
regardless of price their selection of
webcams and webcam accessories will help
you look and sound your best even if
you're looking for something more in the
middle nexo has got you covered take
your webcam setup to the next level and
getting nexo webcam using the link down
below are you guys excited finally get
to turn it on let's go yeah power button
first and very important thing that you
have to do when you get a new gaming
laptop enhance pointer Precision turn it
off don't need it it turns on mous
acceleration makes it harder to be
accurate with your mouse in games next
thing uh this screen doesn't look very
good it looks very bad actually I have
had Acer in the past send me laptops
that had backgrounds that were just
visually unappealing and then when you
changed it it like looked good okay this
this background seems pretty reasonable
to me this display I do not believe is
very accurate but at the same time I am
not super concerned because it is at
least High refresh rate so we have 144
htz it's a sort of thing where compared
to another laptop that has a 60 HZ
display you will just be better at games
on this one that that that's kind of
just a fact all right I've got the
actual screen specs here now 15.6 in 144
Herz and 1920x 1080p which means it is
16x9 I do much prefer 16x 10 in laptops
iser does have their Nitro
516 but that's not this one so maybe
look into that one the brightness is not
fantastic as I'm sure you can tell from
the top down right here it is currently
cranked but it was able to get up to 304
nits which is better than the 250 that
is advertised not so great though is
67.4% coverage of
srgb that's really bad color space just
to give you guys an idea of what that is
like editor can you please just take the
saturation and put it to
67.4% that is essentially what you're
are getting here oh that's bad someone's
going to be watching on their Acer Nitro
5 and be like huh that's why the entire
world has seemed so Bland so if the
display is not good why would you want
this well the main reason is that the
power is pretty good when you consider
the price so in this guy right here we
have an Intel i7 13
620h so that's a 10 core processor with
16 logical cores we also have 16 GB of
RAM at 5200 megat transfers per second a
1 tbte nvme SSD WiFi 6 and an Nvidia RTX
4050 this is the laptop version this one
is able to get 75 Watts which is
actually quite substantial for a 4050 I
was about to check out the Nitro space
cuz this thing is hecking loud we are
currently updating windows and
installing a game and this thing sounds
like well it sounds like this you can
hear it you can definitely hear it right
now all right I put it into balanced
mode which has helped a little bit but
it is still a touch on the loud side so
maybe we'll go into quiet mode although
I do have to bring up a thing that's
pretty strange about this device so you
aren't allowed to change the power modes
when the battery is below 40% now I have
seen laptops where they will lock you
out of performance mode when you have
the battery low and this can make sense
cuz like 135 Watts from the wall charger
maybe you have to grab a little bit of
power from the battery when you have
really intense things happening and your
GPU and CPU are hit at the same time but
you also can't go into quiet mode when
you're below 40% battery which is silly
because that would for one probably save
you battery and two just like I want my
laptop quiet a lot of the time I don't
want my battery to have to be full for
that to happen really stupid all right
let's see if I can be okay at Rocket
league for this so This overall though
like the display feels
responsive the motion Clarity is good
it's just the fact that it's about as
beautiful as I don't know um something
that's really not pretty this is running
the game currently at uh 270
FPS so that's pretty good like I'm
playing fine I'm not playing great but
that's like a me problem not a this
laptop problem so Labs tested this out
and in cyberpunk on Ultra without dlss
and that stuff enabled we able to get 58
FPS average and 48 as a 1% low that
means that knock it down to high you are
going to have no problem and this also
since it is a 4050 if you have games
that support Nvidia dlss frame
generation you can take advantage antage
of that which will be just so good
compared to if you had a 3050 in this
also
f123 72 FPS Total War 51 FPS and the
geom mean of 60 means that uh 1080p
Ultra she does it perfectly one thing I
did just notice is that I've been using
a mouse and a controller the whole time
instead of telling you about how good or
bad this keyboard and trackpad is so
let's have a little go
here
ooh this isn't a good good keyboard not
at all it's pretty soft it's pretty soft
I said it was like okay before but once
I'm actually typing on it you can she's
a a bit like a water bed on here so kind
of on my left hand the feel is a lot
better than on my right hand because
there's just so much Flex over here cuz
I don't know they didn't do a very good
job of supporting the chassis or
something but that said if your intent
is gaming it's not all that bad the key
travel
is really short and it's really fast
which means if what you're doing is
primarily like
wding around you're going to be having a
pretty good time overall one individual
key I can hit really fast no problem
that's the sort of stuff that you want
when you're gaming but the typing
experience overall if that's what you're
looking for is not as great one thing
that is good though is the trackpad I
wouldn't fault it it's not incredible
like it isn't glass topped it isn't
massive massive but it's large enough
that I can very easily get across the
screen no problem most acceleration I
did turn off earlier there still is a
little bit cuz the track bad but overall
it's quite good click feels solid no
sort of weird stuff I'm not accidentally
hitting the click at the same time I'm
not hitting two clicks at once when I
don't mean to good job there you sir I
wonder how the speakers
are
oh
what why does it sound so
[Music]
awful it's actually
atrocious it's like
disorientating it has dtsx Ultra which I
think is some sort of a
spatial thing and it seems like it's
trying to create a large Sound Stage but
it's breaking up and collapsing in the
strangest way that I've ever heard like
I
oh these aren't laptops that you should
compare to each other they're in
completely different classes and this
one's way way more expensive but at the
same time let's let's just let's just
let's just do this for a sec here is the
Nitro
5 oh
[Music]
it's all right
dragonfly
okay okay okay one one one one more one
more test Nitro
5 pixel
8 pixel 8 sounds way better is louder
and is this those are some of the worst
speakers I've ever heard on a laptop
like $300 laptops sound better than this
like you need to invest in a Bluetooth
speaker all right we're here looking at
the webcam of the Nitro 5 and it is is
very dependent on you to figure out the
focusing and exposure so I just clicked
on my face and now I am okayish I'm
really blotchy this uh 720p not
fantastic but I do prefer being able to
just choose where it's going to expose
for instead of it deciding that it
should be like over here and now
suddenly I am not even a person I am
just a ghost but we bring it back over
here and it's able to Fig figure it out
well enough uh it's fine right getting
into the Nitro 5 was very simple it was
all Philips head screws and they're all
the same size so you don't have to worry
about accidentally putting one in the
wrong spot and I don't know putting a
screw through your keyboard or something
like that in here uh wow that's not a
very large battery it uh really looks
like there could have been quite a bit
more battery in there what we have here
is a
57.4 w hour battery and it was able to
get us a little bit over 5 hours in our
endurance test which is okayish for a
gaming laptop I'd say that's on like the
borderline of acceptable for something
like this if you have it fully loaded
this will only get you an hour but I
think that's pretty expected now the
layout in here some of it I like some of
it like we're able to have two SSD
upgrade slots right here awesome love to
upgrade my SSD but also would I trade
one of these upgrade slots for a larger
battery probably yes or would I just put
battery where there's literally nothing
definitely not even think about it I
would just put more battery there we
also have our Ram here which is
upgradeable which is awesome it means
that if you go super duper cheap and get
one of the like 8 gab ones you can
upgrade it later like if one of those
goes on sale might be pretty sweet and
also we have our heat pipes here so it
looks like CPU here GPU there GPU gets
one extra heat pipe that wraps all the
way around to there and two fans that
are pretty nice and thick one last thing
that's upgradeable in here is your Wi-Fi
cart although it is Wi-Fi 6 so you
probably won't have to upgrade it
anytime soon here we've got our speaker
on a lot of nicer laptops you'll be
getting six speakers eight speakers
something like that here is just this
one little guy although honestly I don't
care that much like they can cheap out
on that and I'll just buy a Bluetooth
speaker that sounds better than a
Macbook anyway so then the Acer Nitro 5
this thing right here I think for gaming
is excellent it has the high refresh
rate display that I actually was quite
enjoying in rocket league and valheim
the keyboard isn't great for typing but
it is really good for playing games and
even though it's a little bit on the
loud side with the fans
put on some headphones who cares doesn't
matter the config that we have here with
the i7 4050 16 GB of RAM and 1 TB SSD
comes at $1,000 and I think you should
absolutely not buy it for that ever
laptops like this go on sale all the
time so if I have 1,000 buckery Doodles
I am not spending it on one of these for
that amount of money oh do you remember
the Lenovo loq that we talked about
that's available for $800 right now with
similar specs wow just like you're
available to watch something else cuz
this video is over hit like get
subscribed and just have a great old day
see you later